The level of service tells you, if you dare to disrespect these people again,
I will definitely let them come.
You opened it,
It’s up to you to judge, who do you think you are?
You remind you,
When he goes to serve now, he is serving,
Best, you remind you,
Why can I learn from you?
If you feel uncomfortable, I will subscribe to you again.
No, then what?
What to do? What to do? What to do?
Our money today, because every day I come to you to help him,
But then I will tell you,
You want to be nice to you.
It's good to think of all the dirty work on the tools.
In my space, all men look at me wrongly
All his women are lustful women
Say it yourself
Can't believe it